#summary ChangLog v1.1
#labels ChangeLog


== Changes for 1.1.08 (2007-02-09) ==

* Wizard for Visual C++ 6.0

* Supported Compilers

	# Visual C++ 6.0
	# Visual C++ 2003
	# Visual C++ 2005
	# remove support of Mingw32 temporarily, because of atl License.

* Tutorials

	# LookNFeel(XP Menu)					tutorials/winx/step020-xp-menu
	# APIHook(Local)						tutorials/winx/step021-api-hook/01.basic
	# APIHook(Global)						tutorials/winx/step021-api-hook/02.global

* WINX-Extension

   # LookNFeel, XPMenu (see winx/LookNFeel.h)
		* `WINX_APP_MENU`
		* `WINX_APP_LOOKNFEEL`
	 	* Contributor (Idea & Implementation): renfengxing@gmail.com

   # APIHook (see winx/APIHook.h)
		* class APIHook, AutoAPIHook, etc

* WINX-Core

   # IDispatch call (see winx/Dispatch.h)
		* class DispatchHandle
		* class DispatchMethod, ExDispatchMethod
		* class DispatchFunction, ExDispatchFunction
		* class DispatchProperty, ExDispatchProperty
   
* STL-Extension

	# FileMapping (see stdext/FileMapping.h)
		* class FileMapping
		* class SimpleFileMapping, SimpleFileMappingRO

	# Registry (see stdext/Registry.h)
		* class WinRegKeyHandle
		* class WinRegReadKey, WinRegWriteKey
	
	# ScopeDebug (see stdext/ScopeDebug.h)
		* class CheckException
		* class ScopeLog, OutputScopeLog, ErrorScopeLog, FileScopeLog
		* class ThreadLog
		* ErrorGuard:
			* `WINX_EXCEPTION_GUARD`
			* `WINX_WIN32_ERROR_GUARD`
			* `WINX_HRESULT_ERROR_GUARD`
		* Idea Contributor: sting.feng@gmail.com
		* Article: http://blog.csdn.net/singlerace/archive/2007/01/12/1481441.aspx
		
	# std::replaceText algorithm, etc.



== Changes for 1.1.07 (2007-11-29) ==

* Supported Compilers
	# Visual C++ 6.0
	# Visual C++ 2003
	# Visual C++ 2005
	# Mingw32

* Tutorials
	# ScrollWindow(Basic)					tutorials/winx/step019-scroll-window/1.basic
	# A Simple ImageViewer					tutorials/winx/step019-scroll-window/2.imageview
	# FormView (ScrollWindow of Dialog)		tutorials/winx/step019-scroll-window/3.formview
	# ZoomView (ZoomScrollWindow)			tutorials/winx/step019-scroll-window/4.zoomview

* WINX-Extension
    # class ScrollWindow, ZoomScrollWindow
    # class FormWindow, AxFormWindow
   
* STL-Extension
	# implement `__uuidof` keyword in non-VC++ compilers.

* Port ATL 3.0 to Mingw32



== Changes for 1.1.03 (2006-12-11) ==

* Weed out some boring warning (when vs2005 compile winx tutorials).
  And fix up an error when compiling unicode version.

* Try to support com addins.
  This is preparatory, and its interface might be changed.



== Changes for 1.1.02x (2006-12-03) ==

Oh, I'm sorry that I forget the most important things. 

Now I unify style of map macro, such as:

   # `WINX_TEST_SUITE/WINX_TEST/WINX_TEST_SUITE_END;`
   # `WINX_CMDS_BEGIN/WINX_CMD/WINX_CMDS_END;`
   # `WINX_SYSCMD_BEGIN/WINX_SYSCMD/WINX_SYSCMD_END;`
   # `WINX_NOTIFY_BEGIN/WINX_NOTIFY/WINX_NOTIFY_END;`
   # `WINX_REFLECT_NOTIFY_BEGIN/WINX_REFLECT_NOTIFY/WINX_REFLECT_NOTIFY_END;`

I recommend you use them in this style:
{{{
	class MyDialog : public winx::ModalDialog<MyDialog>
	{
		WINX_CMDS_BEGIN()
			WINX_CMD(ID_TEST1, OnCmdTest1)
			WINX_CMD(ID_TEST2, OnCmdTest2)
		WINX_CMDS_END();
	};
}}}	
Don't use them in old style like the following example (Though it works):
{{{
	class MyDialog : public winx::ModalDialog<MyDialog>
	{
		WINX_CMDS_BEGIN();
			WINX_CMD(ID_TEST1, OnCmdTest1);
			WINX_CMD(ID_TEST2, OnCmdTest2);
		WINX_CMDS_END();
	};
}}}


== Changes for 1.1.02 (2006-12-02) ==

This release focus:

	# Port mfc applications to winx. Some examples were provided.
	
	# Some useful components required by the DocX project.
	  see http://sourceforge.net/projects/docx.
	  
	# DocX will be used to make documentation for WINX. I will release
	  it as soon as possible.
	
* stdext(STL-Extension) as independent component

	stdext(STL-Extension) is released as part of WINX. And now it is 
	treated as independent component.
	
	I change directory tree from this:
{{{	
		©À©¤winx
		©¦  ©À©¤include
		©¦  ©¦  ©À©¤winx
		©¦  ©¦  ©¸©¤stdext
		©¦  ©À©¤docs(zh-CN)
		©¦  ©À©¤docs(en)
		©¦  ©À©¤samples
		©¦  ©À©¤tutorials
		©¦  ©¸©¤lib
		©À©¤winsdk
		©¦  ©À©¤bin
		©¦  ©À©¤include
		©¦  ©¸©¤lib
		©¸©¤wtl
		    ©À©¤include
		    ©À©¤Notes
		    ©À©¤Samples
		    ©¸©¤Wizards
}}}		    
	to this:
{{{		
		©À©¤winx
		©¦  ©À©¤include
		©¦  ©¦  ©¸©¤winx
		©¦  ©À©¤docs(zh-CN)
		©¦  ©À©¤docs(en)
		©¦  ©À©¤samples
		©¦  ©À©¤tutorials
		©¦  ©¸©¤lib
		©À©¤stdext
		©¦  ©¸©¤include
		©¦     ©¸©¤stdext
		©À©¤winsdk
		©¦  ©À©¤bin
		©¦  ©À©¤include
		©¦  ©¸©¤lib
		©¸©¤wtl
		    ©À©¤include
		    ©À©¤Notes
		    ©À©¤Samples
		    ©¸©¤Wizards
}}}

* Example: port MFC applications to WINX

	# samples/mfc-port/LCDMatrix(MFC)
	  * summary: the Digital Display Control.
	  * author: Nic Wilson, 2002.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/staticctrl/digidisplay.asp

	# samples/mfc-port/LCDMatrix
	  * summary: port MFC application: LCDMatrix to WINX.

	# samples/mfc-port/AboutCtrl(MFC)
	  * summary: Aboutbox Credits Control.
	  * author: Pablo van der Meer, 2002.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/staticctrl/aboutctrl.asp
	  * todo: I doesn't provide the WINX version of the application because I'd like to
	          know that you have a try to do so. And I will provide one in next release.

* STL-Extension (stdext)

	# TestCase: CppUnit like style macro (but more light weight) for unit test.
	  * `WINX_TEST_APP, WINX_TEST_CLASS, WINX_TEST_SUITE, WINX_TEST, WINX_TEST_SUITE_END`
	  * UnitTestAssert(AssertExp, AssertEq, AssertEqBuf)

	# Archive classes:
	  * StreamArchive(StreamWriteArchive, StreamReadArchive, MemStreamWriteArchive, MemStreamReadArchive)
	  * StdioArchive(StdioWriteArchive, StdioReadArchive)
	  * ReadArchiveImpl, WriteArchiveImpl: 
		* BinaryRW: put16i/get16i, put32i/get32i, put_struct/get_struct, read/write, etc
		* TextRW: scan_uint, get_uint, get_not_if/getnws, skip_if/skipws, etc.

	# DigitTable, ULargeInteger, LargeInteger
	  * some little classes required by Archive.

	# Algorithm: set_intersection_do (see std::set_intersection)

	# KMP String Search Algorithm: 
	  * std::kmp::Finder, std::kmp::NoCaseFinder

	# Pool:
	  * boost::pool, boost::object_pool, etc.
	  * these components require boost. see http://www.boost.org.



== Changes for 1.1.01 (2006-10-14) ==

* Tutorials

	# Hello, SmartWin!					tutorials/winx/step001/hello,smartwin		(a)
	# XSL Transformations (XSLT)		tutorials/winx/step018-xslt					(b)
	# histgram(OpenCV example)			tutorials/opencv/step001-histgram			(c)

  *** NOTE *** 

	To build tutorials marked with (a), You must download SmartWin++ from sourceforge:
	http://sourceforge.net/projects/smartwin/
	
	And the directory tree looks like this:
{{{	
		©À©¤winx
		©¦  ©¸©¤include
		©À©¤wtl
		©¦  ©¸©¤include
		©¸©¤smartwin
		   ©À©¤lib
		   ©¸©¤include
}}}
	To build tutorials marked with (b), You must update Windows Platform SDK 
	if you use Visual C++ 6.0
	
	You can download winsdk.zip from http://sourceforge.net/projects/winx/
	And the directory tree looks like this:
{{{
		©À©¤winx
		©¦  ©¸©¤include
		©À©¤wtl
		©¦  ©¸©¤include
		©¸©¤winsdk
		   ©¸©¤include
}}}		   
	To build tutorials marked with (c), You must download OpenCV from sourceforge:
		http://sourceforge.net/projects/winx/
	or:
		http://sourceforge.net/projects/opencv/
	
	And the directory tree looks like this:
{{{	
		©À©¤winx
		©¦  ©¸©¤include
		©¸©¤opencv
		   ©À©¤bin
		   ©À©¤lib
		   ©¸©¤include
}}}

* WINX-Extension

	# msxml
	  * XSL Transformations (XSLT)

	# OpenCV
	  * class CvWindowT, CvWindow, CvMainFrame



== Changes for 1.1 (2006-09-18) ==

Port many useful WTL/MFC controls to WINX.

* Example: port MFC controls to WINX

	# samples/mfc-port/CreditStatic
	  * summary: Control that print credit information as 'animated caption'.
	  * author: CaiYin(shuker@263.net) 
	
	# samples/mfc-port/RoundButton
	  * summary: A round button control.
	  * author: Chris Maunder (chrismaunder@codeguru.com), 1997.
	  
	# samples/mfc-port/DimEditCtrl
	  * summary: An edit control that can provide visual cues in its text area.
	  * author: James R. Twine, TransactionWorks, Inc. 2000.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/editctrl/dimedit.asp
	  
* Example: use WTL extension controls in a WINX application

	# samples/wtlext/BitmapButton
	  * summary: to use the Windows Template Library CBitmapButton.
	  * author: WTL
	  * author: Ed Gadziemski, 2002.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/wtl/bmpbtn.asp
	  
	# samples/wtlext/BitmapHyperLink
	  * summary: Control that displays a bitmap next to the link and allows a different color when hover.
	  * author: Igor Vigdorchik, 2005.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/wtl/CBitmapHyperLink.asp

	# samples/wtlext/ColorButton
	  * summary: Color picker control for WTL applications including optional support for XP themes.
	  * author: Tim Smith, 2002.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/wtl/wtlcolorbutton.asp
	
	# samples/wtlext/DimEdit
	  * summary: A WTL adaptation of James Twine's Dim Edit control.
	  * author: Paul A. Howes, 2001.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/wtl/wtldimedit.asp
	
	# samples/wtlext/IconEdit
	  * summary: edit control with Icon.
	  * author: JaeWook Choi, 2004.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/wtl/JaeWTLIconEdit.asp

* Example: port WTL application to WINX

	# samples/wtl-port/IEHost(WTL)
	# samples/wtl-port/IEHost
	  * summary: A tutorial on hosting ActiveX controls in WTL dialogs.
	  * author: Michael Dunn, 2003.
	  * url: http://www.codeproject.com/wtl/wtl4mfc6.asp
	  
* WINX-Core

	# Message: OnIdle, OnSettingChange support
