#summary Current Development Status
#labels Featured,CurrentStatus,WinxGui

Here we show you where we are going.

== [2008-03-30] Support [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:Archive Archive], [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:Reader Reader]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:Writer Writer] ==

[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:ReadArchive ReadArchive]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:WriteArchive WriteArchive], [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:Reader Reader]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:Writer Writer]

[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:StdioReader StdioReader]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:StdioWriter StdioWriter], [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:PosixReader PosixReader]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:PosixWriter PosixWriter], [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:StreamReader StreamReader]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:StreamWriter StreamWriter]

[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:MemReadArchive MemReadArchive]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:MemWriteArchive MemWriteArchive], [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:MemReader MemReader], [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:WinRegWriter WinRegWriter]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:WinRegReader WinRegReader]

[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:RecordWriter RecordWriter]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:RecordReader RecordReader]

See issue #41, issue #46.

== [2008-03-16] Support [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:String String]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:StringBuilder StringBuilder], [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:TextPool TextPool], [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:Rope Rope] ==

[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:String String]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:StringBuilder StringBuilder]: see issue #35.

[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:TextPool TextPool]: see issue #38.

[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:Rope Rope]: see issue #37.

== [2008-03-11] Support [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:HashMap HashMap]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:HashMultiMap HashMultiMap]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:HashSet HashSet]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:HashMultiSet HashMultiSet] ==

Support [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:HashMap HashMap]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:HashMultiMap HashMultiMap]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:HashSet HashSet]/[http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:HashMultiSet HashMultiSet] for multi platforms (eg. windows/linux, vc++6.0/vc7/vc8, mingw/gcc, etc). See issue #32.

== [2008-02-26] wtlport: Porting WTL to MinGW ==

I start a new sublibrary of [http://www.winxgui.com/ WinxGui] named wtlport. Target: let winx support GCC series compilers. First step: Port WTL to MinGW. See issue #21.

== [2008-02-24] Support virtual property programming ==

See issue #16. And [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:UnitTest UnitTest] component add a macro: [http://cpp.winxgui.com/cn:WINX_AUTORUN_CLASS WINX_AUTORUN_CLASS].

== [2008-01-23] Create stdext project ==

Seperate _[http://code.google.com/p/stdext/ stdext]_ from _[http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui]_ project.