#summary Ideas about where will we go.
#labels TodoList,Featured


== WYSIWYG(Visual) GUI development platform ==

[http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui] focus the goal: MOST SIMPLE BUT EFFECTIVE. To be an WYSIWYG(Visual) GUI development platform is the most important target. For information about what [http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui] have done for visual GUI development, see [VisualGuiDev].

There is a non-official visual GUI development tool named [FreeCode](now it is named [http://code.google.com/p/visualfc VisualFC]). It is a addin of Visual Studio 6.0 / Visual Studio 2005. The contributors of FreeCode are QWL1996, who wrote the initial version (a addin of Visual Studio 6.0), and fox1996, who ported FreeCode to Visual Studio 2005.

The following are our plans of VisualGuiDev:
	# Collect feedbacks from FreeCode users to improve it.
	# Collect requirement(feature list) of VisualGuiDev.
	# Provide the official WYSIWYG(Visual) GUI development platform, maybe based on FreeCode.
	

== Porting WINX to multi platforms ==

[http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui] is an _EFFECTIVE_ GUI library. Here _EFFECTIVE_ mainly means to minimize size of the executable programs. And second, we focus how fast the programs run.

Why should [http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui] be _EFFECTIVE_? [http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui] aims to mobile GUI development markets, which have limited resource(disk, memory, cpu, etc) environment. 

Why I choose C/C++? There are a great variety of brands and models of mobile. C/C++ are flexible and have the strongest ability to fit new platforms. Someone may think java is a better choice, but I don't think so. Java is good. But java isn't the best way of embedded system development(including mobile of course).

The following are our plans of porting [http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui]:
	# Port [http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui] to WinCE.
	# Port [http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui] to Symbian OS series(eg. Nokia S60).
	# Port [http://www.winxgui.com/winxgui WinxGui] to Linux.
	

== WINX Manuals & Examples ==

The following are our plans:
	# Enrich [http://www.winxgui.com WinxGui documents]. including developer manual references and technique articles covering the most popular problems.
	# Provide more [http://www.winxgui.com/tutorials Tutorials] and [http://www.winxgui.com/samples Samples].
	# Provide non-english version documents, including [http://wiki.winxgui.cn/ Chinese Wiki].
	