#summary How to develop WinxGui applications.
#labels WinxGui,Manual,Featured


= Introduction =

WinxGui is composed of some sub-libraries. They are _winsdk_, _wtl_, _stdext_, _winx_.

_winsdk_, _wtl_ are 3rdparty libraries. _winsdk_ is Windows Platform SDK, which is provided by Microsoft. _wtl_ is Windows Template Library. It is a C++ library for developing Windows applications and UI components. It extends ATL (Active Template Library) and provides a set of classes for controls, dialogs, frame windows, GDI objects, and more. 

_stdext_ is a GUI-less library. _stdext_ means STL (Standard Template Library) extensions. It extends STL and provides a set of classes for diagnosis, memory management, unit tests, file io, etc. _stdext_ is self systematic. It depends nothing else, and you can use it freely. For more information, see [StdExt StdExt Developer Manual].

_winx_ is the core of WinxGui library, of course. It depends _winsdk_(optional), _wtl_, and _stdext_. You may ask me why you based on WTL. In [WinxGuiImpl How does WinxGui works] I will answer the question.

WinxGui source code tree looks like this:
{{{
     |-stdext
    |   |-include
    |-winx
    |   |-include
    |   |-bin
    |   |-lib
    |   |-src
    |-winxsamp
    |   |-samples
    |   |-tutorials
    |-winsdk
    |   |-bin
    |   |-include
    |   |-lib
    |-wtl
        |-include
}}}
I have introduced _stdext_, _winx_, _winsdk_, _wtl_ with you. And _winxsamp_ is examples of WinxGui applications. It is composed of _tutorials_ and _samples_. _tutorials_ are very simple. Mostly a tutorial application only shows ONE feature of WinxGui library. See [Tutorials WinxGui Tutorials]. _samples_ are somewhat complex and useful. See [Samples WinxGui Samples].


= Start to learn WinxGui =

If you develop a GUI-less application, [StdExt StdExt Developer Manual] may more appropriate to you. Here we only talk about GUI applications developement. Here are some hints to show what WinxGui applications looks like:
  * [HelloWorld Hello world!]
  * [DialogApp How to write a dialog application?]
  * [CreateUserCtrl How to create a user window/control?]

You also can refer to [Tutorials WinxGui Tutorials] and [Samples WinxGui Samples].


= WinxGui Components =

todo.
